feat(DDD-Kata): Description the DDD Kata as self guided learning (#21)
SAP/curated-resources-for-domain-driven-design: ddd-kata.md

# Domain-Driven Design Kata

## What is a Kata?

A kata is a specific sequence of movements and techniques practiced in the martial arts. The word "kata" is Japanese and is used in many martial arts originating from Japan, such as karate, judo, and aikido. Kata is usually taught by a sensei, who will demonstrate the movements and then guide the students as they practice the kata. The practice of kata can help martial artists to develop proper technique, balance, and control, and to learn the application of various techniques in a practical context. Some martial arts styles have kata that are performed solo, while others require a partner.

> Additionally, kata is also commonly used in software development to practice writing software that accomplishes specific tasks, by following a predetermined set of steps. The goal of the practice is to create software that is reliable, easy to maintain and flexible. These principles are now applied in practicing Domain-Driven Design.

Reviewer: I'm still kinda confused about the use of number/articles for the word "kata". The first sentence says "_A_ kata is", but the third sentence says "Kata is usually taught".

Author: I reprhased the part

| [EventStorming](https://www.eventstorming.com/)                                  | EventStorming is a versatile workshop model for exploring complicated business subjects together. It comes in a variety of flavors that may be utilized in a variety of situations: to evaluate the health of an existing line of business and identify the most effective areas for improvement; to investigate the viability of a new startup business model; to imagine new services that maximize positive outcomes for all parties involved; and to design clean and maintainable Event-Driven software to support rapidly evolving businesses. EventStorming's adaptable nature enables sophisticated cross-discipline interaction amongst stakeholders from various backgrounds, offering a new sort of cooperation that transcends silos and specialism barriers. Use this tool to model the the end-to-end process and identify the bounded contexts. |

> | [Domain Message Flow](https://github.com/ddd-crew/domain-message-flow-modelling) | Developing loosely linked systems involves more than just neatly drawn boundaries. Interactions between bounded contexts must also be carefully described. A bounded context is a subsystem in a software architecture that is aligned with a certain domain. It may be built as a microservice or as a monolithic module. A Domain Message Flow Diagram (DMFD) is a basic visual representation of the flow of messages (commands, events, and inquiries) between actors, bounded contexts, and systems in a single scenario. Use Domain Message Flow to evaluated how the Bounded Contexts, System (e.g. UI, Terminals, ...) and Actors / User are interacting with each other.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Domain Message Flow](https://github.com/ddd-crew/domain-message-flow-modelling) | Developing loosely coupled systems involves more than just neatly drawn boundaries. Interactions between bounded contexts must also be carefully described. A bounded context is a subsystem in a software architecture that is aligned with a certain domain. It may be built as a microservice or as a monolithic module. A Domain Message Flow Diagram (DMFD) is a basic visual representation of the flow of messages (commands, events, and inquiries) between actors, bounded contexts, and systems in a single scenario. Use Domain Message Flow to evaluate how the Bounded Contexts, System (e.g. UI, Terminals, ...) and Actors / User are interacting with each other.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

## The DDD Kata

### Task

* Select a collaboration tool for your choice. In SAP we are using Mural. In the DDD Community Miro is used a lot.
* **Form a working group** (up to 8 people). Declare one member a domain expert (maybe a substitute) and one member as facilitator / moderator
* Perform a **Big Picture Event Storming** with your group in collaboration tool of choice
* **Identify the bounded context and aggregates** within evaluated process in collaboration tool of choice
* Establish the message flow from Bounded Context to Bounded Context using the **Domain Message Flow** Diagrams in collaboration tool of choice.
* For each identified Bounded Context, specify using the **Bounded Context Canvas** in collaboration tool of choice.

> * Within the defined Bounded Contexts, defined the aggregates using the **Aggregate canvases** in collaboration tool of choice.

Reviewer: All of the sentences now have "in collaboration tool of choice" at the end. Personally, I'd remove it completely. If you want to keep it, I'd change it to "in _your_ collaboration [...]".

### The Requirements

Let’s assume you are a start-up, and you want to provide software for parking lots & garages for all major cities in Europe and for various park area providers.

1. You can enter and leave the parking lot or the parking garage through several entrances and exits.

> 2. There are specific parking spots for different types of vehicles (motorcycles, car, electric car, truck/bus, handicapped persons, family-friendly parking spots)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. There are specific parking spots for different types of vehicles (motorcycles, car, electric car, truck/bus, handicapped persons, family-friendly parking spots).
```

> 3. Each parking spot has a unique identifier (for parking garage – number & floor or for parking lot – number &  area)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Each parking spot has a unique identifier (for parking garage – number & floor or for parking lot – number &  area).
```

4. The customer may collect a ticket at each entrance and leave via any exit.

> 5. The ticket given to customer contains a parking spot ID where to park

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The ticket given to the customer contains a parking spot ID where to park.
```

> 5. The ticket given to customer contains a parking spot ID where to park

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The ticket given to the customer contains a parking spot ID where to park.
```

6. The ticketing information must be stored for 10 years due to tax reasons.
7. There are three types of terminals:

>    1. The terminals at the entrances have a way for the customer to communicate the vehicle details to the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Customers can use the terminals at the entrances to communicate their vehicle details to the system.
```

>    2. Customer drive into the parking garage / lot via entrance terminals where the collect the tickets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Customers drive into the parking garage / lot via entrance terminals where they collect the tickets.
```

>    3. The terminals near the exits have a way to pay the ticket.
>    4. Detail out the actual payment process like select payment method, put in credit card, enter PIN are not relevant here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Customers can pay their tickets at the payment terminals (details of the actual payment process like select payment method, put in credit card, enter PIN can be omitted).
   4. Customers must insert their paid ticket at the exit terminals to leave the parking lot / garage.
```

>    3. The terminals near the exits have a way to pay the ticket.
>    4. Detail out the actual payment process like select payment method, put in credit card, enter PIN are not relevant here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Customers can pay their tickets at the payment terminals (details of the actual payment process like select payment method, put in credit card, enter PIN can be omitted).
   4. Customers must insert their paid ticket at the exit terminals to leave the parking lot / garage.
```

>    3. The terminals near the exits have a way to pay the ticket.
>    4. Detail out the actual payment process like select payment method, put in credit card, enter PIN are not relevant here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Customers can pay their tickets at the payment terminals (details of the actual payment process like select payment method, put in credit card, enter PIN can be omitted).
   4. Customers must insert their paid ticket at the exit terminals to leave the parking lot / garage.
```

> 8. The terminals at the exit gates collect the paid ticket.
> 9. The ticket has a read/write magnetic stripe containing information including a position to park.
> 10. The magnetic stripe can be changed by the terminals.
> 11. Parking garages have a parking guiding system, that guides customers to the correct parking spot. The guiding system recognizes the vehicle and guides it to the right parking spot.
> 12. Parking lots do not have such a system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. The ticket has a read/write magnetic stripe containing information including a position to park.
9. The magnetic stripe can be changed by the terminals.
10. Parking garages have a parking guiding system, that guides customers to the correct parking spot. The guiding system recognizes the vehicle and guides it to the right parking spot.
11. Parking lots do not have such a system.
```

> As domain expert, please stay from requirements perspective within these guardrails. You can detail them out as much as you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As domain expert, please stay within these guardrails when detailing out the requirements, if possible.
In some cases, it can make sense to challenge/rethink the original requirements, but be careful to not modify them in such a way that the inherent complexity becomes too limited.
The focus of the kata is learning DDD, not sticking to the requirements word for word.
However, some amount of complexity is important to get a realistic impression.
```

> As domain expert, please stay from requirements perspective within these guardrails. You can detail them out as much as you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As domain expert, please stay within these guardrails when detailing out the requirements, if possible.
In some cases, it can make sense to challenge/rethink the original requirements, but be careful to not modify them in such a way that the inherent complexity becomes too limited.
The focus of the kata is learning DDD, not sticking to the requirements word for word.
However, some amount of complexity is important to get a realistic impression.
```

Reviewer: @neolytian FYI, I added some content here

### The Process

#### Define the Team

![Team Setup](./images/team-setup.png)

As a **Moderator / Facilitator**, your task is to organize the workshops and conduct the workshops.

As a **Domain Expert**, your tasks are:

> * Mimics the expert for parking lot software & management
> * Takes business decisions, has the last say on requirements
> * Researches and creates requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mimic the expert for parking lot software & management
* Take business decisions, have the last say on requirements
* Researche and create requirements
```

> * Mimics the expert for parking lot software & management
> * Takes business decisions, has the last say on requirements
> * Researches and creates requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mimic the expert for parking lot software & management
* Take business decisions, have the last say on requirements
* Research and create requirements
```

As a **Team Member** your tasks are:

* Interview the Domain Expert
* Create the deliverables
* Participate actively in all workshops

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Moderator and the Domain Expert are not exempt from modeling, of course.
Everyone should participate in all modeling exercises.

```

#### Plan your timeline

![Timeline Proposal](./images/timeline-proposal.png)

> * Plan to have ~4h a week of modelling sessions
> * Work iteratively (e.g. while working on Aggregate Canvas you might want to adjust your Event Storming)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plan to have ~4h a week of modelling sessions.
* Work iteratively (e.g. while working on Aggregate Canvas you might want to adjust your Event Storming).
```

> * As a moderator, strife for consensus and alignment in the team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a moderator, strife for consensus and alignment in the team.
```

* Plan your time carefully. Timebox your efforts.
* Most importantly, have fun modelling.

#### How to run an Event Storming Workshop

> Event storming is a collaborative workshop method that helps to explore complex business domains and model them using events. An event is an action that occurred in the system at a specific time. Event storming can be conducted in two phases: a high-level event storm to identify the domains and then a detailed event storm to focus on a core domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Storming is a collaborative workshop method that helps to explore complex business domains and model them using events. An event is an action that occurred in the domain at a specific time. Event Storming can be conducted in two phases: a high-level Event Storming to identify the domains and then a detailed Event Storming to focus on a specific subdomain.
```

Reviewer: We should find a consistent way to spell "Event Storming". In the table above it's spelled "EventStorming" (i.e. without a space).

> The high-level event storm consists of these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The high-level Event Storming consists of these steps:
```

> 1. **Chaotic Exploration**: Invite the right people from different perspectives and roles, such as domain experts, developers, testers, etc. Provide unlimited modeling space, such as a wall or a whiteboard. Ask everyone to write down relevant events in the domain and the process that they are analyzing on sticky notes. Use different colors for different types of events, such as past, present, future, etc. Encourage everyone to participate and share their ideas without filtering or criticizing.

Reviewer: > Use different colors for different types of events, such as past, present, future, etc.

I'd challenge this recommendation. Since we kinda make people transition from high-level to low-level with the same event spine, introducing multiple colors can lead to confusion (at the latest once they introduce commands and policies).

Author: You are right

3. **Enforce Consistency**: Review the timeline and check if it makes sense and reflects the reality of the domain. Ask questions such as "What happens next?", "What triggers this event?", "Who is involved in this event?", etc. Use different symbols or colors to mark different aspects of the events, such as commands, aggregates, policies, external systems, users, etc. Add any missing or new events that emerge from the discussion.
4. **Identify the Bounded Contexts**: Group the events into logical clusters that represent different subdomains or areas of responsibility in the domain. These are called bounded contexts. A bounded context is a coherent and consistent set of events that share a common language and meaning. Use different shapes or colors to highlight the boundaries of each bounded context. Name each bounded context and label its main purpose or goal.

> 5. **Detailed Design**: Zoom in on the core domain and refine its events and relationships. Use different symbols or colors to mark different elements of the domain model, such as entities, value objects, aggregates, services, repositories, factories, etc. Define the properties and behaviors of each element and how they interact with each other. Use scenarios or examples to validate and test the model. Identify any constraints, rules, policies or assumptions that affect the model and document them. Use the detailed design also to validate your bounded contexts.

Reviewer: > Use different symbols or colors to mark different elements of the domain model, such as entities, value objects, aggregates, services, repositories, factories, etc.

I'd challenge this, see previous comment. I'd rather let people stick to the official grammar before getting creative. Gotta know the rules to break them and so on...

Author: Agreed

#### How to model Domain Message Flow

A Domain-Message Flow Diagram is a simple visualization showing the flow of messages (commands, events, queries) between actors, bounded contexts, and systems, for a single scenario. It helps to understand the interactions and dependencies between different parts of the domain and to identify potential issues or opportunities for improvement.

To use the Domain-Message Flow, you need to follow these steps:

1. **Choose a scenario**: Pick a specific use case or user story that you want to model. It should be relevant and important for your domain. For example, "A customer places an order online".

> 2. **Identify the actors**: List all the people, roles, or external systems that are involved in the scenario. These are the sources or destinations of the messages. For example, "Customer", "Order Service", "Payment Service", "Inventory Service", etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Identify the actors**: List all the people, bounded contexts, roles, or external systems that are involved in the scenario. These are the sources or destinations of the messages. For example, "Customer", "Order Service", "Payment Service", "Inventory Service", etc.
```

3. **Identify the messages**: List all the messages that are exchanged between the actors in the scenario. These are the commands, events, or queries that trigger actions or convey information. For example, "Place Order", "Order Placed", "Pay Order", "Payment Confirmed", "Check Stock", "Stock Available", etc.
4. **Draw the diagram**: Use a tool or a whiteboard to draw the diagram. Use different shapes or colors to represent different types of actors and messages. Use arrows to show the direction and sequence of the messages. Use labels to name the actors and messages. Use swimlanes or boxes to group the actors by bounded contexts or subdomains. Use dashed lines to separate different processes or phases.

#### How to document your Bounded Contexts with Bounded Context Canvas

> The Bounded Context Canvas is a collaborative tool for designing and documenting the design of a single bounded context12. A bounded context is a sub-system in a software architecture aligned to a part of your domain1. A bounded context can be seen as a unit of language consistency, a boundary for a model expressed in a consistent language, and a boundary for team autonomy2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bounded Context Canvas is a collaborative tool for designing and documenting the design of a single bounded context. A bounded context is a sub-system in a software architecture aligned with a part of your domain. A bounded context can be seen as a unit of language consistency, a boundary for a model expressed in a consistent language, and a boundary for team autonomy.
```

   **Outbound Communication**: List the main types and destinations of outgoing messages or responses that the bounded context sends to other bounded contexts or systems. These can be commands, events, queries, etc. This helps to understand the impact and obligations of the bounded context.

   **Ubiquitous Language**: List the key terms and concepts that are used in the bounded context and define them using the domain language. Use nouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs that are meaningful and consistent within the bounded context. This helps to establish a common understanding and communication within the team and with other teams.

   **Business Decisions**: List the main business rules or policies that govern the behavior and logic of the bounded context. These can be constraints, validations, calculations, etc. This helps to capture the domain knowledge and complexity of the bounded context.

   **Assumptions**: List the main assumptions or hypotheses that underlie the design and implementation of the bounded context. These can be about the domain, the users, the technology, etc. This helps to identify and validate the risks and uncertainties of the bounded context.

>    **Verification Metrics**: List the main metrics or indicators that measure the performance and value of the bounded context. These can be quantitative or qualitative data that reflect the goals and outcomes of the bounded context. This helps to evaluate and improve

Reviewer: consider using a list to keep the formatting consistent with the rest of the document

>    **Verification Metrics**: List the main metrics or indicators that measure the performance and value of the bounded context. These can be quantitative or qualitative data that reflect the goals and outcomes of the bounded context. This helps to evaluate and improve

Reviewer: 1. this sentence looks like the end is missing?
2. doesn't this contradict what we tell people otherwise? The ddd-crew repo says verification metrics should measure how well the boundary was chosen, not how well the context itself performs.

#### How to document your Aggregates with Aggregate Canvas

> 
> Sure, I can try to describe how to use the Aggregate Canvas based on the resource that you provided and what I found on the web. Here is a summary:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: 🙃

> The Aggregate Canvas is a modelling tool meant to be used as a part of design-level domain modelling activities²³. An aggregate is a lifecycle pattern originally described by Eric Evans. By aggregate, we understand a graph of objects that is a consistency boundary for our domain policies²³.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Aggregate Canvas is a modelling tool meant to be used as a part of design-level domain modelling activities. An aggregate is a lifecycle pattern originally described by Eric Evans. By aggregate, we understand a graph of objects that is a consistency boundary for our domain policies.
```

> To use the Aggregate Canvas, you need to follow these steps²³:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Aggregate Canvas, you need to follow these steps:
```

* **Domain Events**: List the main domain events that are emitted by the aggregate when something important happens within its lifecycle. A domain event is an object that captures a fact or a change in the state of the aggregate. Use past tense verbs and nouns that are meaningful and consistent within the aggregate.
* **Commands**: List the main commands that are accepted by the aggregate to perform actions or changes on its state. A command is an object that expresses an intention or a request to do something on the aggregate. Use imperative verbs and nouns that are meaningful and consistent within the aggregate.
* **External Dependencies**: List the main external dependencies that are required by the aggregate to perform its responsibility. These can be other aggregates, services, systems, etc. Specify their roles, types, and communication modes.

After this you should be able to fill out the canvas with the following attributes:

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

# Domain-Driven Design Kata

## What is a Kata?

A kata is a specific sequence of movements and techniques practiced in the martial arts. The word "kata" is Japanese and is used in many martial arts originating from Japan, such as karate, judo, and aikido. Kata is usually taught by a sensei, who will demonstrate the movements and then guide the students as they practice the kata. The practice of kata can help martial artists to develop proper technique, balance, and control, and to learn the application of various techniques in a practical context. Some martial arts styles have kata that are performed solo, while others require a partner.

> Additionally, Kata is also commonly used in software development, to practice writing software that accomplish specific tasks, by following a predetermined set of steps. The goal of the practice is to create software that is reliable, easy to maintain and flexible. These principles are now applied in practicing Domain-Driven Design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, kata is also commonly used in software development to practice writing software that accomplishes specific tasks, by following a predetermined set of steps. The goal of the practice is to create software that is reliable, easy to maintain and flexible. These principles are now applied in practicing Domain-Driven Design.
```

Reviewer: > Additionally, kata is also commonly used

I think there's a grammar issue here but I'm unsure what the correct sentence should be. From the way you used the term above, "kata" seems to also be the plural form (see also https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/kata)? Then this sentence should either be "the term kata is also commonly used" or "kata are also commonly used". At least that's how I understand it.

## Follow the DDD starter modelling process

![DDD starter Modelling Process (CC-BY-SA-4.0 license)](./images/ddd-starter-modelling-process-colored.png)

> This [process](https://github.com/ddd-crew/ddd-starter-modelling-process) walks you through each stage of understanding and executing Domain-Driven Design (DDD), from orienting around an organization's business model to coding a domain model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [process](https://github.com/ddd-crew/ddd-starter-modelling-process) walks you through each stage of understanding and executing Domain-Driven Design (DDD), from understanding an organization's business model to coding a domain model.
```

> This approach will walk you through each of the critical processes in developing a software system with the DDD perspective, allowing you to focus on your business concerns rather than being overwhelmed by understanding DDD.

Reviewer: This sentence is kinda redundant to the previous one.

Author: Removed

> After a few cycles of the process, you will have the core DDD theory as well as practical experience to go deeper into DDD. You will then be able to alter and develop the procedure to meet your demands in every situation. In a real project, you'll frequently switch back and forth between these processes.

Author: Done!

> ## Selected Tooling for the DDD Kata

Author: done!

| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [EventStorming](https://www.eventstorming.com/)                                  | EventStorming is a versatile workshop model for exploring complicated business subjects together. It comes in a variety of flavors that may be utilized in a variety of situations: to evaluate the health of an existing line of business and identify the most effective areas for improvement; to investigate the viability of a new startup business model; to imagine new services that maximize positive outcomes for all parties involved; and to design clean and maintainable Event-Driven software to support rapidly evolving businesses. EventStorming's adaptable nature enables sophisticated cross-discipline interaction amongst stakeholders from various backgrounds, offering a new sort of cooperation that transcends silos and specialism barriers. |

Reviewer: I think I would write a different text altogether 😄 This text is copied from Alberto's website. I think this is too generic/I'm not sure people will understand we expect them to do here. I'm also honestly too hungry to make proper suggestions right now 😅 But I think we should aim for the same thing here the we try to transport in the slides: communicate what we expect people to do at each step of the kata and how the tools work together.
- model the business process with event storming & find bounded contexts
- model how the BCs interact with DMF
- model the BCs themselves with BCCs
- go back to the event storming and find the aggregates in each BC, then model (a number of) them using AC

something like that

| [Bounded Context Canvas](https://github.com/ddd-crew/bounded-context-canvas)     | The Bounded Context Canvas is a collaborative design tool for creating and documenting a single bounded context. The canvas walks you through the process of developing a bounded context by pushing you to examine and make decisions about essential design components such as nomenclature, responsibilities, public interface, and dependencies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | [Aggregate Canvas](https://github.com/ddd-crew/aggregate-design-canvas)          | The Aggregate Design Canvas is a modeling tool that should be used in conjunction with design-level domain modeling efforts. Eric Evans first described aggregates as a lifecycle pattern. We define aggregate as a network of objects that serves as a consistency boundary for our domain regulations. Depending on how the aggregate is designed, we can either enforce them (making them invariant) or be compelled to implement corrective measures. As a result, it is critical to carefully establish aggregate borders, as they influence the behaviors modeled inside our domain. The canvas features a suggested working order that aids in iteratively discussing various components of the overall design.                                                    |

Reviewer 2: As this is a concept that is difficult to grasp, maybe we should add a sentence on that issue most teams have when working with DDD, even if they have  certain degree of experience.

## The DDD Kata

### The Deliverables

> * **Form a working group** (up to 8 Person). Declare one member a domain expert (maybe a substitute) and one member as Facilitator / Moderator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Form a working group** (up to 8 people). Declare one member a domain expert (maybe a substitute) and one member as facilitator / moderator
```

Reviewer: Also maybe just "form a group"? what's a *working* group?

> * Perform a **Big Picture Event Storming** with your group in Mural or Miro

Reviewer 2: I would phrase the tooling more generic: "in a whiteboard tool like Mural or Miro" maybe even as a separate bullet point:
* Use a collaboration tool like Mural or Miro to fill the aforementioned artefacts of the different modelling stages.

Author: I have put this first

> * **Identify the bounded context and aggregates** within evaluated process in Mural or Miro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Identify the bounded context and aggregates** in your event storming model
```

> * Establish the message flow from Bounded Context to Bounded Context using the **Domain Message Flow** Diagrams in Mural or Miro.

Reviewer: I'm getting lazy right, so general comment: capitalization reads very German here and I would ditch the "Mural or Miro" and potentially put that in a step 0: decide on a modeling tool and get a template from xyz

* For each identified Bounded Context, specify using the **Bounded Context Canvas** in Mural or Miro.
* Within the defined Bounded Contexts, defined the aggregates using the **Aggregate canvases** in Mural or Miro.

> Plan your time carefully. Timebox your efforts.

Reviewer 2: I would remove this comment from here and add it to the timeline proposal

Author: done!

8. The terminals at the exit gates collect the paid ticket.
9. The ticket has a read/write magnetic stripe containing information including a position to park.
10. The magnetic stripe can be changed by the terminals.
11. Parking garages have a parking guiding system, that guides customers to the correct parking spot. The guiding system recognizes the vehicle and guides it to the right parking spot.
12. Parking lots do not have such a system.

As domain expert, please stay from requirements perspective within these guardrails. You can detail them out as much as you want.

### The Process

#### Define the Team

![Team Setup](./images/team-setup.png)

As a **Moderator / Facilitator**, your task is to organize the workshops and conduct the workshops.

As a **Domain Expert**, your tasks are:

* Mimics the expert for parking lot software & management
* Takes business decisions, has the last say on requirements
* Researches and creates requirements

As a **Team Member** your tasks are:

* Interview the Domain Expert
* Create the deliverables
* Participate actively in all workshops

> #### How we normally run

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase the section title: "Plan your timeline"

And maybe add a sentence that this is the timeline we apply in our workshops.

Reviewer: I don't think the timeline proposal makes sense outside of our internal setups. Assuming people start actually doing this individually, why should they do it in this format? I think a more helpful (and maybe more interesting) guidance would be "try to spend this and that hours on this and that tool and try to write a prototype after x hours and reflect on it".

Author: I would keep this as a recommendation.

## The DDD Kata

### Task

* Select a collaboration tool for your choice. In SAP we are using Mural. In the DDD Community Miro is used a lot.
* **Form a working group** (up to 8 people). Declare one member a domain expert (maybe a substitute) and one member as facilitator / moderator
* Perform a **Big Picture EventStorming** with your group.

> * **Identify the bounded context and aggregates** within evaluated process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Identify the bounded contexts and aggregates** within evaluated process.
```
